# 💭 Reflection: Game Glitch Investigator

Answer each question in 3 to 5 sentences. Be specific and honest about what actually happened while you worked. This is about your process, not trying to sound perfect.

## 1. What was broken when you started?

- What did the game look like the first time you ran it?
- List at least two concrete bugs you noticed at the start  
  (for example: "the secret number kept changing" or "the hints were backwards").

### Hint direction is Incorrect when Guess is Incorrect for a Specific Range
- When a guess is incorrect, the hint for whether the next guess should be a lower or higher integer is reversed for Integers < 1000 ?
- Incorrect Output
- “Go HIGHER!”
- Correct Output Should Be
- “Go LOWER!”

### New Game Button does not Restart the Game in full Functionality
- Clicking the button “New Game” resets only part of the game logic
- Incorrect Output
- Does not begin a new game and reset all elements
- Correct Output Should Be
- Resets the Game UI as well

### Starting Attempts are Wrong for each Difficulty
- Incorrect Output when changing to Normal Difficulty
- “Attempts left: 7”
- Correct Output Should Be
- “Attempts left: 8” for Normal Difficulty

---

## 2. How did you use AI as a teammate?

- Which AI tools did you use on this project (for example: ChatGPT, Gemini, Copilot)?
- Claude Code (Github Copilot credits ran out right now)

- Give one example of an AI suggestion that was correct (including what the AI suggested and how you verified the result).
- Fixing the check_guess() logic that returned the wrong hints and also fixed the issue of string comparisons for guesses by removing the logic that passed a str guess into the function
- Verified the result by testing the web app and also having the AI create some simple test cases that all passed

- Give one example of an AI suggestion that was incorrect or misleading (including what the AI suggested and how you verified the result).
- One incorrect suggestion was when I asked it to refactor game logic from app into logic_utils, it did it correctly, but failed to change app to import those functions from logic_utils.
- I asked it to change refactor app to try importing the functions, but then it tried to change more game logic instead. So I manually just refactored the imports in app.

---

## 3. Debugging and testing your fixes

- How did you decide whether a bug was really fixed?
- A bug was "fixed" if the test cases for the function seemed to test appropriate intended behavior and those cases passes, and I manually tested some behavior on the web app to see if the wrong outcome would occur again. If the correct outcome occurred instead, then I assumed those bugs to have been fixed.

- Describe at least one test you ran (manual or using pytest)  
  and what it showed you about your code.
- One test was opening up the web app and testing if the hints were being displayed correctly when guessing a number (ex: for secret = 70 and guess = 60, the hint should be "Go Higher!")
- It showed that the code for that bug appeared to have been fixed (since it seemed simple enough)


- Did AI help you design or understand any tests? How?
- Claude Code created all the tests in pytests actually and kept them pretty simplistic and made sure the tests each focused on one outcome in a function like check_guess().

---

## 4. What did you learn about Streamlit and state?

- In your own words, explain why the secret number kept changing in the original app.
- I think this was due to an error where the secret number was incorrectly being re-generated by reruns.

- How would you explain Streamlit "reruns" and session state to a friend who has never used Streamlit?
- Streamlit reruns basically reset the session state (which means the state of all the elements) every time a user interacts with an element and re-renders everything.

- What change did you make that finally gave the game a stable secret number?
- Checking if a value for "secret" already exists in the session state before generating a secret number and only re-generating the secret number upon a new game being initiated.

---

## 5. Looking ahead: your developer habits

- What is one habit or strategy from this project that you want to reuse in future labs or projects?
  - This could be a testing habit, a prompting strategy, or a way you used Git.
- Definitely focusing on the context given to an LLM and working in specific contexts & small parts versus the entirety of the codebase at once.

- What is one thing you would do differently next time you work with AI on a coding task?
- Try to focus on individual tasks and planning out implementation with the AI first before letting it just make changes.

- In one or two sentences, describe how this project changed the way you think about AI generated code.
- AI generated code is pretty good as long as you give it context to understand the system its working within and understand the general concepts as well so you can fine tune the final output as needed. It's definitely a plus to get rid of repetitive tasks (like writing simple test cases) and helps save time.
